## CNU Map

For my CNU map, I wanted to share my story about marching band and some of the special moments I have experienced. Each white dot on the map covers a spot on CNU's campus where the marching band has performed or practiced. I have been fortunate enough to be a part of the Marching Captains for all four years of college, and it has been one of the best experiences of my life.

The main story this [CNU map](https://www.thinglink.com/scene/1498821225898573825) aims to tell is my journey through CNU with the marching band. Joining the band has given me a sense of community, and through it I found my home on campus. Some dots on the map simultaneously highlight what the band does on campus and some of my favorite memories that accompany them. Other dots on the map picture me with my supportive family and amazing friends. Each of these spots on campus are places that remind of me of all the good times I have had throughout college. In this CNU map, I do not specifically focus on one year of my college experience, but rather, I look at my time in marching band from all four years. I chose specific memories that I know I will never forget, no matter how far away I am from CNU.


My experience with ThingLink was very pleasant and straightfoward. For the CNU map, adding icons took little to no time. I was able to add any picture, video, or audio that I wanted, and after that simply process I was able to place the icon anywhere on the map. The only issue I encountered was inserting pictures, but it ended up being a simple user error. When I first started using ThingLink, I tried including pictures before adding any description. When I did this the pictures I wanted to add to my map were quite blurry and pixelated, but after trial and error, I realized I needed to write a description first in order for the image to look how I wanted.

I found this to be a very fun and relaxing assignment to do for my Digital Humanities class. I was able to look back at several amazing memories with family and friends and reflect on how grateful I am to be a part of the marching band experience on CNU's campus. I asked my dad to help me collect some videos for this project since most of the time my hands are full with an instrument when I am marching on the field. He was kind enough to send me the footage he collected, and again, it was amazing to watch the band as a whole performing and doing what we all love. 


